Change (#22)
iHiD/v3: languages/csharp/reference/README.md

# C&#35; reference

> Reference docs are written to help explain a particular C# concept when no appropriate online document can be found. They will usually be referred to from mentoring comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference docs are written to help explain a particular C# concept when no appropriate online document can be found. They will used when writing exercises and referred to from mentoring comments.
```
